well you know when the biggest key to me
was when we came out of the pits ahead
of Harvick I thought that was huge you
know so Island did an awesome job I mean
first of all when incredible drive to
end hunger Chevrolet right from the drop
of the green flag this is a lot of fun
today and I had a blast driving in the
car was awesome and so when we got in
front of Harvick I thought okay you know
I thought that was the guys were gonna
race and then when Alan started tell me
there were guys going gonna try to
stretch on fuel mugs all I could do is
run as hard as i could and i was a
little bit loose at the beginning and we
got some traffic in the car finally
tightened up and then we're really
clicking off some laps but every time I
got to a car that was saving fuel they
kind of helped me up a little bit and
made it a little more difficult for me
to pass so I knew that we weren't quite
going to get to Paul it was really about
running out of him running out of fuel
so we tried as hard as we could to put
pressure on him and I got to say at this
point as it is to not win this race it
sure was great to run that good and I
got I got to congratulate Paul Menard I
don't think there's anybody in this
garage area then appreciates a win here
at the Brickyard more than Paul he grew
up here as a kid and I think that's
pretty pretty special pretty cool
quickly how bad did you want it on that
last lap knowing you were that close
well I wanted it really bad you know
leading up to that but on the last lap I
knew I was too tight behind him that if
he didn't run out I wasn't gonna get him
you know I needed a few laps to work on
him well I guess I'd need a few more
left over to run out of fuel too well it
was really close and I was confused
because initially I thought he said two
laps and then I thought he said a half
so I was just wanting to know if it was
half purvis to and how much I needed to
save I you know I got by the 27 because
I wanted to be leading the race I knew
it was gonna be easier to defend that it
was gonna be to try to pass when
everyone decided to take off we got a
little bit lucky today but really really
happy we've had a we've had a tough year
and had a lot of things go wrong a lot
of bad luck and it it's very nice to
have I have good luck and had Johnny
Morris here from bass pro shops today
and in the folks from liftmaster so had
had a good Chevy got a good finish and
what's going through your mind you made
it pass on a 27 car handful laps ago you
know the 24 is coming in your mirror
what are you thinking well when they
said the 24 is two seconds back
I honestly was thinking I would rather
lead this and run out of gas then
finished second and still have enough
left and think that you could have won
again because it's so hard here in the
Daytona 500 so hard to put yourself in
that position you just don't want ever
give the chance but certainly
congratulations to Paul Menard he's a
really good guy and his crew she's
Slugger Richard chill with all those
guys they m that's really cool to see
someone like that one well you know
that's the most bitter sweet third place
of all time because he could see the
leaders I saw the 27 I knew he was on
the same strategy as us and I wanted to
go when he went and we decided to pull
the reins back a little bit hoping some
more would run out of fuel and then I
saw the 24 come and I thought were in
trouble now because he doesn't have to
save it all so that kind of made our
decision for us the bittersweet parts
because I'm so happy for Paul Menard
down there I know what this race means
that family and to him in particular and
can't wait to get to Victory Lane to
congratulate that's a really cool deal
what it means for this team to have the
kind of year that you've had not just
the wind with the strides you have taken
while we needed to you know we felt like
we were team capable of taking strides
and we had a top ten car today that's
all we had things played out correct we
were gonna finish right around ninth or
tenth this strategy was played out for
us when the 51 car wrecked we got our
grill covered up in grass and actually
had to pit and clean it off and go to
the Talon so we put it right before the
green came out and I worked out perfect
Junior coming home to a 16th place
finish after leading laps and on that
last stop you guys were on the good fuel
strategy did you think it might work
where are we we run 16th I don't know if
I was the best started jury after but
the congrats to the 27 and and that gang
slugger Impala there good race and group
and they work hard but we had a good run
our car was go pretty good just we've
cycled around and didn't have the track
position at the end and that was what
that's all it was you know everybody was
on a lot of different strategies to but
you know we we just weren't we lost a
little track position aired on winning
pit stops I come down behind this guy I
got out of my stall and I should have
come off pit road around fifth and third
we came in third
and this guy got out I come out of my
style and this guy was going really
really slow all the way down pit road so
I lost 10 spot just kind of waiting on
this guy to go into his stall which he
was wailing down there and Kosta lost
track position there will you we you
know you can't get it back transition
stuff for this place we didn't have good
enough car and I wasn't wheeling it good
enough i guess to run like a couple of
them were some of them guys could get up
through there pretty good with our car
was struggling in track definitely had
no idea that you know the date would be
so ugly but yet you know come out of it
smelling like a rose I guess so all in
all you know guys did a great job you
know we worked our butts off this whole
weekend trying to get something out of
nothing just could never get the car to
be fast off the beginning you know the
first couple laps of a run and that kind
of hurt his qualifying a little bit
martes back in traffic but we got up
front and then you know i'm one of those
pit stops there I I didn't know the 14
was coming around me i guess like should
have saw his pit board but you know we
collected into the 14 on pit road and
tore up the car and salvaged back in
traffic the rest of the day but then had
a pit strategy there at the end and try
to make it on fuel and we did so commend
Dave and the guys forgive me good fuel
mileage AGR engine shop did a nice job
today so we'll take tenth and go under
poking up really good i mean our crown
rolled forward was really fast i thought
jeff gordon probably had the dominant
car and he's just really really good
here but there's one time we got front
of him or we could stay there for a
while but felt like really overall we
had the second best car just um you know
didn't work out with strategy you know
and fuel mileage and all that stuff we
had a lot of speed in our car which was
nice Tony how many battles did you have
to win a day to finish sixth I don't
know we we had the problem on the first
pit stop there the green flag stop there
getting on the outside of heartbreaking
it in the cone so that was hard to take
but I'm you know we just fought all day
I'm really proud of during grubbing
these guys on the smoker
an office depot Chevy they they did it I
didn't do it I mean I just fought for
everything I could get all day by them
and we didn't have the best car by any
means but they fought hard and did a
good job getting something you guys made
so many changes on pit road to took a
packer out adjustments wedge tire
pressure and I heard you say the front
Ian just would not buy does anything
seem to help it at all clean air that's
the only thing it was as famed as this
place is and as much history is it's one
of the hardest places to race guys
because it's just it's one groove in the
corners or short corners to try to make
it make a run on somebody you can't run
on the outside of them so it makes it
really hard and you really got to plan
your run on guys and figure out where to
pass and how to how to play the track
position game so you know it whatever
you get here you appreciate it because
you've had to earn it nobody you don't
get anything free here you were leading
with 20 laps ago and they said okay
maybe a lap and a half shione few I
heard him discussing with you maybe
maybe going for and rolling the dice but
you opted to come on pit road I was
trying to roll the dice and go for it
but you know they said the lap and a
half but it was three laps I found out
from daring here once we got back to the
bus there's no way we could have could
have saved that kind of fuel and done
anything productive on the racetrack so
you know it's like he said he just said
give me everything you can give me and
you know we were in that last stint and
a half as hard as we could